docs(Storybook): more detailed doc for using our Storybook (#1809)
IBM/carbon-components-react: docs/components.md

add documentation around installing and using our components, in addition to
covering common use-cases for each component with code examples.

> If you would like to help out, there are several steps of contributing

Reviewer: Maybe something like: 

```suggestion
If you would like to help out, there are several options to contribute
```

?
